######
Coyote
######

This workflow supports the analysis of canine sequencing samples against
the CanFam3.1 reference genome using ensembl version 98 gene models. The
workflow is designed to support project level analysis that can include
one or multiple types of data. Though not required the expectation is a
project contains data from a single individual thus centralizing all
data types in a standardized output structure. The workflow template
supports a diverse array of analysis methods required to analyze DNA,
RNA. Based on standardized variables it also supports integrated
analysis between data types. For some processes multiple options are
provided that can be individually enabled or disabled by configuration
parameters. Like all JetStream (https://github.com/tgen/jetstream)
workflows developed at TGen this workflow is designed to facilitate our
dynamic and time sensitive analysis needs while ensuring compute and
storage resources are used efficiently. The primary input is a JSON
record from the TGen LIMS but hand created inputs in the form of a JSON
or EXCEL worksheet can also be provided when run manually or by
submission to the related JetStream Centro
(https://github.com/tgen/jetstream_centro) web portal. All required
files defined the the ``pipeline.yaml`` can be created using code
provided in the JetStream Resources repository
(https://github.com/tgen/jetstream_resources).
